SRE HYPER MARKET ERP — FULL MODEL, PROFESSIONAL DESIGN
4 October 2026

OPEN THE DESIGN
Download and open SRE-Hypermarket-ERP-Professional.html in your browser.
It is a standalone HTML prototype with sample data. No ERP connection or installation is needed.

WHAT CHANGED
The full original model is retained: 15 modules and 147 proposed destinations.
This version adds dark forest navigation, white work surfaces, a quieter professional
presentation, compact panels and fine edge stripes on tiles.
It does not remove modules, redesign business rules or restart completed development work.

EXPLORE
1. Start at the dashboard; click a workspace tile, then a subpage tile.
2. Open the complete page map to inspect the proposed architecture.
3. Use the role selector to preview each team's workspace.
4. Explore the core store flow:
   Purchase > Purchase orders
   Receiving & QC > Goods receipts
   Inventory & backstore > Stock on hand
   Shop floor > Floor indents / Floor receiving
   Sales & service > Point of sale
   Cash & finance > Cash office
5. Try the sample forms, drafts, notes, floor receipt and cash checkout.

PREVIEW LIMITS
All displayed names, stock, amounts, dates and transactions are illustrative.
Selected interactions work locally as design demonstrations; other destinations show proposed
fields and layouts. Refreshing the file resets practice data. Role and sync controls are
simulations, not real authentication or synchronization. There is no live backend or service.
English/Tamil support is specified for implementation; this preview is in English.
Browser visual verification has not been completed. Responsive CSS is included, but desktop
and mobile rendering and browser accessibility checks still require direct browser review.
Isolated logic checks do not establish production, device or staff acceptance readiness.

PACKAGE CONTENTS
- SRE-Hypermarket-ERP-Professional.html: standalone clickable full-model design.
- DESIGN-HANDOVER.md: complete hierarchy, roles, route mappings and reuse instructions.
- architecture.json: machine-readable inventory of all 15 modules and 147 destinations.
- source/: editable template, base stylesheet, professional stylesheet, icons, interaction
  code, build script and isolated verification script.
- design-reference/: retained navigation and guidance snapshots from the original source review.
- verification.json: generated isolated-check results and explicit verification limits.
- REVISION-NOTES.md and preservation-check.json: changes, retained scope and source checks.

DEVELOPER COMMANDS
Run commands from this package's root folder.

  python3 source/build.py
  node source/verify.cjs

Python 3 builds the standalone HTML. Node.js runs isolated JavaScript checks.
The finished HTML has no external runtime dependency. Keep the files in source/ together.
Consult the build script for the exact source composition before editing.

IMPLEMENTATION HANDOVER
Read DESIGN-HANDOVER.md and architecture.json first.
The 147 destinations can map to existing pages, tabs or drawers. They are not 147 new tasks.
Reuse existing screens, services and verified workflows; preserve requirement IDs and the
existing completion ledger. Preserve stock truth, approvals, tenant/branch authorization,
offline contracts and audit controls. This visual revision is not a fresh repository audit.
The package changes no production code, hosting, data or GitHub files.
